No other death like being forgotten.
 
In fear, that one day I will be forgotten,
I hope being seen will fix what is rotten.
From the depths of my troubled mind,
originates this concept unrefined:
 
The truth is, being seen by someone,
is worse than being seen by noone.
For the salvation, of existence eludes me,
and the desperation of the end pursues me.
 
No beauty in something that can’t be witnessed,
no meaning in something abundant with sickness.
And yet, the world was never meant to be seen,
it simply exists there, for the death of its sheen.
-----------------
The sorrow of sunlight
 
As Argos awaits patiently by the sea,
his eyes traveling as far as they eye can see,
his whimpering tail is overthrown with glee;
as a draft approaches, carrying the oceans plea.
 
But alas, the draft carried nothing but a hologram,
a vision of his past; on the sails, a monogram,
but sadly, not the letters he would wish to see,
simply an illusion, of his own minds decree.
 
What good is it to be home alone and free,
if one’s home is alone, traveling at sea?
The triumph of anguish is simple for one to think:
The nectar of the lotus for Odysseus to drink.
 
Somewhere out there, in the rays of light,
cast from the sun onto the droplets of night,
although it rains on a perfectly sunny day,
he knows that he will one day come here to stay.
Even if the sky is dark and the clouds are gray,
Tomorrow is nothing, but another day.
-----------------
The Age of Dark
 
It all begins with a cry. A howl to the moon,
that echoes through the landscape,
and yet truly heard by none.
 
A fire is born in the bleak midwinter,
from the ashes of the cold burnt land,
a new age rises to warm the heart.
 
The years pass, the Age of Fire is almost over,
with a bright and burning flame that lasts for a moment,
everything bursts into nothing.
 
Nothing but dark, and shadows and despair.
A headless rider comes riding with its mare.
To signify, the end, the absolute death,
of the Age of Fire, that drew its last breath.
 
In this desolate place, a single soul sits silently in the night,
with nothing to keep it company but the melody of the past.
Every day, it fights, it struggles to not fade,
within the endless shadows that want to drown it.
 
The scene looks macabre but its a truly beautiful sight,
although reality looks grim,
the mind is drenched in the glory of victory.
 
Thinking of better things,
shadows fade and time passes,
onto a brighter tomorrow whose thought of,
the grimness always surpasses.
-----------------
Sylems

A legend it should be,
of the panacea that blooms in this soil.
The only solution to the islander’s grief,
whose loved one perishes from an unsolvable death.

The blue petals he yearned to see,
that let the eye wander in their depth,
like the distant sky or the unexplored ocean.
A velvet as soft as the touch of a mother upon her child,
paradoxically growing on this ground soon to be grave.

The whole world, the islander wandered.
The peace he was seeking was awaiting him at his doorstep.
Half of the cure he had already found in his journey.
The other half he had found in his imagination.

And although, the last breath was heavy and it was cold,
she left, forevermore happy, to have known
that he had accomplished the impossible in her reverence.

Farewell, my dearly beloved.
-----------------
A conversation with no end

As I stand beside you, on this grassy hill engraved with stone,
the soft wind caresses your tribute.

The motion inspiring a sign of life long forgotten,
as we bask in the sunlight and bloom in birdsong.

As I close my eyes,
a memory of you illuminates in mind,
a dream perhaps, where we sit at peace for eternity,
our bodies are as steady as stone and our minds as lucid as water.

Despite our differences in time or space,
I see you as an equal as we converse about things corporeal and not.
In my speech I carry your dreams, your hopes, your very identity.

I keep it close to me like a talisman,
encased in the only way I can protect it from the passage of time.
So that your dreams may pulse forever, onto the infinite ocean in the sky.

As I open my eyes again,
the incense of my existence fades as it trails onto the wind,
the scenic horizon before me calls for adventure,
into the heights of mountains both imaginary and real.

And in the inevitable pursuit of purpose I will follow it.
Be not sorrowful my old friend, 
for next summer, when the nostalgic sun rises,
and the beautiful music plays,
either momentarily or absolutely,

I will be with you once again. 
-----------------
Not even time

Enthralled in this madness, 
which far exceeds my appreciation for the cosmos,
my hand writes feverishly upon the thin papers, 
possessed by the gods of all art and beauty.

A feathered quill, white as the everlooming yet frail sun,
a darkened ink, black as the night which dons the moon.
Time exists, only in these meshing skies of dawn and noon.
In the colors, that bleed into the wet canvas like tears.

There was a time perhaps, where time did not exist.
As it was, when the lights dimmed, 
and all the sounds ceased,
and I could feel your heartbeat so close to mine,
when your loving lips reached me,

there was nothing else left to say,
for there was nothing else, that was.
-----------------
For it may one day bring me to you

Be it as it may,
I seek for you in the floating castle of light,
in the moonlit pier where waves crash upon the rocks with force.
The ghastly streets of a fortress long forgotten,
the emerald waters that flow down the mountains.

Like the music which follows me everywhere, a sliver of your existence keeps me company every night and day.

And although the sea before me has nothing in the horizon, my heart is drawn to you.

And so, it is with awe of life and love that I look towards the southern sky.
-----------------
Second sun

First I swam in your cold ocean.
Then I conquered your steep hill.
And upon reaching the top,
I proclaimed my victory.

And you responded with a warm summer breeze,
that tucked me into the comfortable bed of sleep,
to fall into a slumber worthy of death with my eyelids soft and my smile apparent.

And then to fall upon my back and fill my iris with the stars of the night sky.
Accompanied with the solemnity of the music inspired by your beauty.
And all the while, an apathy which grows over the years, 
the pain and the effort of staying alive, 
glossing over my consciousness like extra layers against the strong wind of life.

And it makes me wonder why I cannot relive the magic I felt when I first came to you. 
Entranced as I was in your wonders, filled with awe and a desire to explore all your well hidden adventures.

Although I fully comprehend your  greatness, 
I am sadly not destroyed by your flames. 
Time, after all, heals everything only because it changes.
-----------------
Dreams of Mortality

Perhaps it was you, 
who met me in the sandy dunes, 
where the horizon meets the end of the world.

It was you who brought me comfort. 
In that great moment of disaster, 
all I could feel was your warm embrace as my eyes witnessed the end.

Resembling a wild spirit, 
borne of the purest form of life and brought to me with great reverence,
so that I may also pay my respects to the world.

The wondrous fates intertwined our threads together.
So that even after the end, 
I may live vicariously through you
and so that you may drink from the creative freedom of which I was conceived.

It is no wonder then, when I, 
upon my flowing state of existence,
am possessed by the thought of you. 

It is no wonder my heart feels this longing for you, 
as if it by itself is running through the shattered valleys,
and swimming through the turbulent oceans to reach you.

It is no wonder, that my body,
after experiencing your electric touch,
sought for you forevermore in the silks,
desperately hoping to get even a glimpse of the love you had shown it.

It must have been you then, 
who picked up my soul like a fading firefly in the snowy night, 
and upon whispering a solemn prayer, gave me a final flame worthy of death.

Through ambition, meaning in life never alluded me.

It was truly surprising then, when, I wasn’t looking;

and yet found,

a meaning beyond even death itself,

in you.
-----------------
Entropy part II

Every single thought freezes over and comes to a halt.
These flooding tears make it hard to see anything.
Had I accepted this world of stasis one day late,
perhaps I would have felt some warmth today.

It is me that I spite, as I stand up and fight.
I will take this fall from grace and consider the unthinkable,
for there’s no lyric that I can pour my solid heart into anymore.
In wishing something immutable, let us run in these metaphorical circles forever.

Even the alter ego hurts when it comes to this phantom.
And yet neither the mortal neither the eternal can live without it.
Chasing the afterimage of a dream, vaguely engraved in memory.
In this strange duet, spirit and soul in one combined.

Sing, my angel. 

Sing. 

Sing for me.

Sing with me.

Hear the ominous tune and answer the dark whisper.

Together we will tear this broken world apart.

Hibernation until the next iteration.
-----------------
Entropy part III

Wandering the empty streets of this hollow place,
abandoned by souls in search for celebration,
I am reminded of your book in my shelf,
the one with the golden leaves, which I dare not open, for I may find myself in its pages again.

What a funny story you have left behind in this dark morning. 
full of plot holes and actions devoid of character. 
Actors that act the will of gods or something else larger than themselves. 
Reading it, I could not help but laugh at the absurd sorrow.

Spooked, by the visitor in the night.
The sound of knocking which could surely only come from an apparition at this hour.
The story in which it is always me, but never me. Not me in the end especially.

This phantom for which people would go to the ends of the world for. 
The same one which hid away the iterations of an esoteric expression from the public eye.
The one which is ever so fleeting and ever so present in every dream, 
or every illusion brought upon by the lack of rest.

The atrocities of mankind are too many to count. 
Even He, who sits upon his heavenly throne 
and decorates the sky with stars cannot comprehend the depth of its moral ambiguity.

That terrifying night, when the man at the door came knocking for me, 
it was said that all the wolves in the island went ominously silent. 
For it was us, the humans, who were howling instead.

The man at the door will never get me. 

I will live forever.

Casting away these notions of purism, 
I offer you with a storm tempered with the tempest of steel.
The warmth of a rose-water sunrise and the omen of a world covered in frost.

For true art can never truly be.

Come, let us sit and witness the slow decay of the universe together. 
-----------------
Pavane for a Dead Princess 

Standing on the edge of this castle,
I stare at the dark storm gathering across the sea.
The wind carries sweet memories of you, 
leaving me with the desire that for a moment you could see through my own eyes.
The tempest stares back at me and with great premonition declares that whilst I am sleeping safely under this fortress,
it will pass overhead, on to the next valley.

Through my troubled dreams and my sleepless journey of a caring vigilance, 
I never once stopped thinking about you.

Like a star that falls onto the earth,
your spirit in flight, teared through the clouds and sky, 
revealing the glorious sun that hid underneath the veil of night.

Even after a life dedicated to you, 
the sound of your melody stays true in my heart.

I have said nothing.

There is so much more to say.
-----------------
23 Days.

Forgetting this feeling is hard.

The cold, like a winter day with full sunlight.
The silence, like paintings hanging in an old mansion.
The void in the mind, like the muffled screams of nothingness.

There is somehow both great peace and conflict.

Between your today and your tomorrow.
Between yourself and your reflection.
Between this and the other side.

It’s funny how sometimes it just goes away.

As if it had never happened.
Or if your dreams never existed.
Or if your eyes never opened.

And when it does, it always leaves you with questions;

Will it ever come back?
Will it be like this forever?
Will I die in this way?

The Paranoid Survive.

But somehow survival doesn’t seem fitting.
And when awakening from the sweet dream,
it only brings you more of it.

It’s been the biggest part of my life.

And I spent much of it trying to fix it.
The warm embrace, the comforting words.
Thinking of otherworldly vacation, but not duty.

But there are times you must face it alone.

And perhaps, with the way life works, forever.
And so I find great comfort in knowing,
that this journey has a purpose.

For if it were not for my vision of tomorrow,
there would be no one to ward me from it.
-----------------
Συλλογισμός του Νέρωνα

Στον δρόμο του παρελθόντος μου, ολα ειναι καμμένα.
Ο κόσμος μου ειναι μικρός, γεμάτος με δώρα ξεχασμένα.
Η χρυσή θάλασσα που με οδηγούσε στο σπίτι έπαψε να κινείται.
Η αληθινή θάλασσα που με γυρνούσε στη πατρίδα έπαψε να φαίνεται.

Το φως που είχα στο πλάι μου όταν κοιμόμουν έσβησε,
το ταξίδι που με έφερνε στην καρδιά σου τελείωσε. 
Τα γράμματα που είχαμε γράψει εξαφανίστηκαν,
και οι αναμνήσεις που είχαμε μαζί με πλήγωσαν.

Το παρελθόν δεν είναι τίποτα άλλο παρά ενα όνειρο ξεχασμένο,
ανάμεσα στις φλόγες και τις στάχτες της Ρώμης θαμμένο.
Η πόλη δεν φτιάχτηκε σε μια μέρα, αλλά διαλύθηκε σε αυτή.
Γιατί αναμεσα στα λουλούδια, υπάρχουν αγάλματα στην αυλή.

Αυτό είναι λοιπόν το κύκνειο άσμα μου, 
εφόσον η φωτιά θα τυφλώσει σε λίγο τα μάτια μου,
και επειδή κάποιος μια μέρα μου το είχε πει,
ό,τι έχουμε σήμερα, μια μέρα θα χαθεί.
-----------------
Victory

Am I alive?

If my heart lied shattered like sand,
would it stop beating?
 
If my breath was grasped by the laurels,
would it stop fleeting?
 
If my vessel was to be torn apart,
would it stop bleeding?
 
If my mind was to be demented and far,
would it stop thinking?
 
If my nerves were to be pulled with force,
would they stop feeling?
 
If my dreams were to be stepped upon,
would they stop floating?
 
If my world was to be annihilated,
would it stop spinning?
 
No this can’t be right.
 
Even if my heart was crippled,
by the great chains of time,
limb by limb,
it would never stop beating.
 
Even if my breath was strangled,
by the ever-growing distance,
mile by mile,
it would never stop fleeting.
 
Even if my vessel was crushed by an axe,
right in the middle of the spine,
split in half,
it would never stop bleeding.
 
Even if my mind witnessed the great divide,
of worlds colliding and of thoughts,
drowning;
it would never stop thinking.
 
Even if my nerves were pulled like a net,
detached from body and soul,
with anguish,
they would never stop feeling.
 
Even if my dreams were to be crushed,
by the unbearable weight,
of the world.
They would never stop soaring.
 
Even if my world was to be decimated,
by the great sword that,
pierces through stars.
It would never stop spinning.
 
Even in the howling canyons of emptiness,
 
my soul will keep on roaring.
-----------------
I want to wield the world. (Playing God)
 
I want to grasp its infinite knowledge and change it through its very core, like a rolling thunder that travels its abysmal ocean.
 
I want to hold it firmly and tap into its incomprehensible power, destroying anything that dares defy its beauty.
 
I want to play with it; like a marble between my fingers, my face reflecting everywhere on its smooth surface.
 
I want the marble to recognize me as its master. Acknowledge my ascension from a grain to a being.
 
I want it to hear my voice, listen to my impossible achievements and the journey that brought me to them. Let it echo through centuries and kingdoms alike.
 
But it will never be this way.
                                             
My very own imperfect desires will catch up to me and consume my potential.
My time will eventually run out, engraving me into the marble forever.
I will never wield this world, but the world will forever wield me.
For even if I did ascend, I would still be nothing more than an instrument of the universe.
-----------------
Ritual of a vagabond
 
With no one else but the world as my witness,
 
the words I speak may be heard loud and clear.
 
At the hour of dawn, I cleanse this blade off the blood it has shed.
 
I bless its edge with the power granted by our legacies of masters.
 
May its sharpness cut through steel itself.
 
May our will combined withstand the sheer cold and hunger.
 
With its tempest, that flows like water, let us reach our homeland together.
-----------------
The Fool, The Lovers, The Sun

Forever have I drawn from this deck of many things.


The Fool.

Drinking sorrow and gambling joy.
A kindness brought from pain.
A lucid dream of shame and ridicule.


The Lovers.

Surely, no one praises my existence quite like you.
In my drunkenness, I saw a mosaic of self.
Oh, how I long for that image.

The Sun.

There are no words to fill the silence that the dead leave behind.
When the dusk dissipates, I will be there. 

To take you home.
-----------------
Entropy Part π

A man is always born as a theatrical actor for gods.
On his birth, goddess Hebe gives him a lust for life.
On his journey, Hecate’s magic keeps him entranced in the world.
Calypso’s hospitality offers grace after a long day’s sailing to nowhere.

When he dies, he sings the song of Orpheus in the dark domain of Hades.
He relishes the dark rose entrusted to him by Aphrodite.
He gains the favor of the good lady Persephone,
who shatters him into freedom like a pomegranate.

One must imagine Sissiphus happy. 
For even when his soul burns in the flaming rivers of Tartarus,
the praise of the humans above, heals his spirit.

Fight, or be forgotten!
-----------------
A thousand dark roses for Azerth

When the desolate indigo star dies,
the fragrance of regret plays on repeat,
as our eyes dilute into nothingness.

You are the moon oblivious to dawn.
The silence that is cast by 10 shadows, 
woven by 10 nights in the dark forests,
which howl like 10 wolves.

Grief runs like crimson wine down crestfallen lips.

If I take this offering now, I might never remember again,

the blue petals dancing in the wind.
-----------------
My regards to Hersilia

The gods only know how many times,
I have endeavored without pause,
To capture a glimpse of the sacredness,

Of this moment, 
this place, 
this person.

An attempt as vain as gathering the dark oil that spreads across the ocean.

Each word, takes a toll, 
as if the ink itself, 
scribbled on these pages, 
is drawn from my veins.

If ever, on your boundless journeys,
you end up seeing Hersilia again,

tell her of the fondness with which she lays gently on my memories.

Tell her, that I am glad she stopped this meaningless war, 
glad that she has kept her virtues pressed against her heart.

Tell her, I am thrilled, that in this short lifetime full of mortal reminders, 
our wandering spirits in need, merged, if even for a moment.

Tell her I’ve never met and probably never will meet,

someone as close to pure light as she is.
-----------------
The price of freedom

It is with a sunken heart,
that I see you spread your wings in flight.
The reins by which I’ve been holding you, 
weigh heavy even in their release.

As with all good decisions,
a wish for continuity,
possesses my mind.
Devours the sun. 

Your afterimage has left me,
like a vanishing poet, frantically,
unleashing his mind onto the pages before him,
before the flames devour his body.

In this split second of the past,
I saw everything there was to see.
My resolve which had died with your last smile,
to leave everything behind and start anew,

gasped for life in agony again.
-----------------
Erigone

Run your fingers through my hair.
Can’t get you off of my head.
Can’t get off my, bed.

I just wanna dream,
easy, fall asleep,
never wake up, again.

Run your fingers through my hair.
Can’t get you off of my head.
I can’t shake off this, dread.

I just wanna know, 
if I let you go,
will you be back, again?

Erigone on a tree,
she is so sweet to me.
Wonder if she, sees.

All the sorrow in my eyes,
if I could erase,
I wanna see your face.

Run your fingers through my hair,
just for one last time,
I wanna see your smile.

Run your fingers through my hair;
can’t get you off my head;
all our dreams are dead.
-----------------
In your travels

I wonder what it is that you found exactly,
in the great vanity with which monsters hide their mortality,
as if their fragile nature can ever be shed, like the skin of a snake.

I wonder whether you have found, 
the courage required, 
to make the right choice and to revel in your righteous path unconditionally.

Have you found a cure, 
for the sickening dread of leaving home, 
feeling uncertain, 
of your own stature?

Or were you perhaps, made of different cloth? 
One not as cowardly and weak as mine but rather,
one that grasps that endless passion for life that I so desperately seek in others.
-----------------
Rule well, good king.

Oh but to be, this paragon of all things exemplary.
And not this corpse, with ash for skin,
Holding its beheaded face solemnly,
before the humbling grace of absolute death.

To be light in its purest form, 
and not this darkness which dwells in the eyes.

To stand tall; and face the harrowing winds.
And not slump against the wall, wallowing in this maddening defeat. 

To die a good death, protecting the future.
And not a foolish one, spoken of only in rhymes.

To live a life, engulfed in flames,
and yet to not succumb to temptation, neither to sorrow. 
But to live noble, live true, 
even if for a little while.

And to you, the orchestrator.

Witness, this burning paper, as it tames the Fates themselves.
-----------------
The Sea is calling

It was with great reverence that I came to you,
under the guise of the whispering moonlight,
to watch you bloom in the indifferent spring.
A once in a lifetime happenstance, like the trails of stars ever so distant and intangible.

Time has passed and I think I understand a bit better,
the plight that accompanies the living.
The terrible price that mortals pay for their short existence.
It clings to my identity, my association to the world, like a damning mirror.

And yet in that moment, when I saw you fulfill your purpose, not by accomplishing but merely by existing,

I forgot who I was and wished not to remember.
-----------------
Wish me farewell and I will be on my way

Not even the night sky dims,
as the dusk falls on yet another summer day passing by.
The gift that was meant for you, with dust it has settled on the corner.

In its pages, my feelings so infectiously written. 
So deeply do I express everything and 
yet am enchained by that which is considered right.

Why are we brought into this world? 
The pain lingers on my forearms as I ask myself the question. 
To remember it is to remember that you’re indeed alive. 
That you’re indeed still alive.

Something more than physicality. 
Pre-orchestrated from the day I was born and,
carefully crafted until the time I got to experience it today.

It deepens when I see your doodle looking at me innocently from the scraps.
It drowns me when I read my letter to you.

Such a beautiful purple light shining on the bay…
-----------------
4 years in a bird cage 

Upon my arrival there was silence.
The leaves of my 4 year long cage danced in the summer breeze with glee,
and yet, no one was around to see them unveiling their beauty.

Upon my departure, there was music.
The sun shone its mighty rays, enveloping everything, even me, in its radiant light.
In a single moment, everything culminated.

There never was a nightmare,
not even in my deepest dreams.
Surely I see that now.

And although time has passed and things have changed, the growth of my effort will accompany me forever.

It is now that I can say with certainty:

I am truly free.
-----------------
Bring me Home

The other day a lady in a summer dress and a wide hat,
Looked at me and smiled and I nodded back.
So when you call me and you tell me I am not enough,it’s alright,
I can only imagine the pain you hold in your heart and the strife,
With which you were raised, as opposed to the flower child tugging on his mamas waist.


So yeah, it’s only fair that I take a piece of it and hide it inside me.
So yeah I was raised weak I admit it proudly. 
But look at me now I am all grown up, and I am out there, 
fighting my fears whenever they show up without fear,
cause time is of the essence in this great small world, 
And I wanna be warm for you when your tea grows cold.

I wish I could show you, take a piece of my heart and adore you.
But the memory of my lovers past dances on my grave like I am in a mausoleum.

And melodies make me cry like when I was 5, 
inconsolably because there is only so much pain I can shoulder. 
But don’t worry world this cycle ends on this boulder.
The days are getting cold, keep getting colder,
And all I can do is pray that I haven’t lost the path,
That will take me around the world then bring me back,
Home.

-----------------
Janus says: Fall into the wells of tomorrow.

Warmth.
Like Lady Luck smiling at me
the dandelions dancing in the fairgrounds,
the touch of summer on my back.
I wish I could smile back.
Loneliness.
Like Ol Grumble in the hotel lobby, 
seen through the tempered glass, 
drinking his pain away every night.
I wish I could drink with him.
Happiness, 
Like two friends,
dancing vigorously in celebrations, forgetting for a moment the bigger picture.
I wish I could forget with them.
My face, like marble sculpted infinitely by an indecisive artist. 
The graffiti paint, which every day gets painted over by someone new.
The painful monologue which speaks over its own voice. 
The meaningless literature which only brings pain to the heart.
I wish I could remember your face, see it among these shifting paradigms that haunt me.
I somehow always knew you would leave in autumn.
I must at some point put an end to this rambling so I will keep it short. 
When we met, I felt my life began.
-----------------
Every day this iron giant beats me senseless.

So much so, that even though my gaze is cast down perpetually, 
I cannot meet the eyes of him who rots on the cold ground.
So much so, that after what seemed like forever, 
I confronted your existence melodically and found myself intrigued,
not because of sentimentality but because of an artistic hunger for answers,
 mixed with a numbness for pain.
So much so that my stride in life is a limp,
 like an old man, getting off the midnight train in his work clothes and wooden cane.
Goodnight sweet world, when I open my eyes again my innocence will be lost.
For we are not kids anymore, and for my adulthood I have surely paid the cost.
-----------------
Like an eldritch beast I summoned you,
once I let the saxophone play freely.
To remind me of a mind changed but not forgotten,
and to be drenched in the excellence you have bespoken.
To feel your very being in every strand, every subdivision of my unkempt hair.
To feel the burned tongue of my brand,
and wonder whether the taste was fair.
Although your existence consumes me,
I find myself often a coward,
For although I have learned to spin words purely,
I cannot still, turn will into power.
-----------------
Shadows Within

Like a beast which understands not the cage that entraps it,
These days flow by with seemingly no breaks.
Ever since I understood we are sailing ship towards the end,
I’ve been taking my steps slowly.
-----------------
The Black Phoenix

On the 12th strike of the bell that rings midnight,
I look at the landmarks which for too long have stood above me.
I greet the mighty seagulls which saunter and scavenge this familiar street
And listen to the dying tunes of a festivity which has started and ended without me.
The tower beckons me to push forward,
Pleads, that the pleasantries I have so readily sacrificed,
Will be rewarded by my relief from flesh and all of its faulty promises.
The blood in the marrow is weak, it begs for a moment’s rest on the back of a train that stops for no one and for nothing.
Through all of life’s ordeals, I will never forget:
The gentle love of a mother in a sunny park
And the black phoenix, which stretched its wings upon my arrival on this bittersweet place.
-----------------
Nod for “yes”, die for “no”

Dangerously the pages shift,
From a heartfelt laugh,
To a precarious look over the shoulder.
Where I once saw beauty,
Now we struggle for breath,
Amidst this sinfully polluted sea.
Wish us good luck and courage,
That these trial pass swiftly
And leave only with gray in my hair.
Resist if you must, 
but remember always.
Nod for yes, die for no.
-----------------
Honor, Love and Death

For sincere men
who woke at dawn,
and slept at night
To fight for honor,
Sacrifice for love
And cry for death.
Foolish men too,
Who lived in fatal vanity,
Who wished they had,
Heard of honor,
Known of love,
feared of death
As for me, when I do lay,
the ink and quill to rest,
I too wish to be,
Spoken of in honor,
Mortally in love 
And grieved in death
-----------------
Dreamflower

In the sullen midnight,
You shamed me with water.
Beaten down as I was,
I saw neither your face,
Nor the six young wolves,
That stood behind you.
Lost in tune as I was,
I heard neither your taunting,
Nor your empty laughter,
when we walked away.
Somehow, more kindness
and more honor, had the rugged man
Scavenging for cigarettes in the dark.
Neverland awaits sweet prince.
I bid you goodnight in the comforting silence,
Of being back home alive.
-----------------
Gypsy Dice

So unruly is your hair,
As it falls onto your face,
Like wild thorns pricking your skin,
A heavy crown which 
only deepens with time.
So reminiscent,
of a messiah long fallen,
such is your devotion,
 to your mindful silence,
as you travel the underworld.
Such are my thoughts,
As I peek cowardly glances:
My luck has run out it seems,
as I cannot fathom the chances.
-----------------
